TartLab modern-v0.15.2 Elecrow DLE06235B sanitized physical transcript
Operator: Tim
Board: Elecrow DLE06235B observed-2026-08-29, ESP32-S3 revision 0.2
Candidate commit: be0d121afae5f6a9b39921b07e43405ccc0f3933
Candidate checksums SHA-256: cb4beddc6224fcd63ff9f93966a1acccebff14886b39f7ad92a5fccc40d3b93f
Firmware SHA-256: 50d98625a1ef58eee6c5fbe55b5107968301ea4dc6b8954167cad9f0d65ee5a3

This transcript contains no Wi-Fi values, credentials, protected-file
contents, student work, device MAC address, COM mapping, or private workspace
path. Raw serial logs, backups, journals, receipts, and complete device
snapshots remain in the private hardware workspace.

Candidate authentication and clean provisioning
------------------------------------------------
Protected workflow run 33983768402 built the tag. All 27 candidate subjects
were verified against its GitHub Artifact Attestation, source ref
refs/tags/modern-v0.15.2, source commit
be0d121afae5f6a9b39921b07e43405ccc0f3933, and the qualification signer.

An authorized clean erase selected board ID elecrow_dle06235b, verified 16 MiB
flash, installed the board-bound combined firmware, reconstructed the signed
filesystem, and reached awaiting_health. The first untouched launcher timeout
started IDE and reported:

  HEALTHY mode=IDE update_committed=True

Authenticated resume then reported healthy=true, stage=complete, exact board,
profile lvgl-modern, and modern-v0.15.2. Only the authenticated hello.py clean
default was present in the user area.

Launcher, chooser, IDE, app, display, and touch
-----------------------------------------------
The owner observed an upright, readable 320 x 480 portrait launcher and usable
touch targets. Launcher timeout and Start IDE both reached healthy IDE mode.
The browser IDE created, saved, reopened, ran, and deleted a temporary Python
file, with expected program output.

Choose app listed folders and valid Python files only, stayed within the user
root, navigated into a temporary nested folder, and scrolled correctly.
Back, chooser Cancel, and confirmation Cancel did not change selection. Set as
app changed visible and durable selection without running it. The row-width
correction was then verified physically: no unnecessary horizontal scrollbar,
the hello.py row remained within the panel, and top/left/right margins appeared
balanced. A host regression covers removal between display and confirmation;
the race was not forced over the single USB console because doing so would
interrupt the live chooser.

Run selected app transferred ownership to the direct surface and displayed
stable upright vertical magenta, cyan, yellow, green, and blue bands. APP mode
became healthy. A physical reset returned to the launcher rather than repeating
APP mode, and IDE became healthy afterward. An injected RuntimeError fell back
to IDE with a small app-error indicator, no blank/recovery screen, and a
healthy IDE marker; the fixture and diagnostic marker were removed.

Touch sampling recorded 34 points including all four edges and center, spanning
the full 320 x 480 logical surface. The qualified product contract is one
active pointer: all controller contact records are acknowledged, while
simultaneous multitouch is not exposed.

Brightness and ownership endurance
----------------------------------
A temporary 75 percent maximum, 15 percent dim level, and eight-second delay
proved dimming after inactivity, activity deadline extension, consumed first
wake touch, and later normal touch delivery. Zero delay stayed bright. On-device
clamping constrained excessive maximum/dim values and restored the default
180-second delay for an invalid negative value. Original settings were restored.

One hundred UI/direct ownership cycles completed every required full-frame
seed, returned to UI ownership with no pending transfer, and showed a settled
2,480-byte heap difference from first to last sample. Twenty-five additional
initialization/teardown cycles passed with stable ownership and heap. A hardening
pass completed 20 Wi-Fi scans and 80 display frames with no scan error, retained
UI ownership, and reported adequate heap and filesystem margin. Five repeated
real IDE teardown/reset cycles and five cold-power cycles all returned healthy.

Recovery interface
------------------
The display-independent recovery page loaded, exposed only redacted diagnostic
status, and Retry normal boot returned to the launcher and healthy IDE. The
recovery access-point name and address are intentionally printed to the recovery
console rather than rendered on the panel; no recovery Wi-Fi text was expected
on the board display.

OTA validation, rollback containment, and power loss
----------------------------------------------------
The signed candidate's 13 manifest/package inputs were copied to an isolated
qualification directory and hash-verified on-device. A one-bit-corrupted
temporary pydevices.tar failed before mutation:

  CONTAIN_FAILED=True
  CONTAIN_VERSION_BEFORE=modern-v0.15.2
  CONTAIN_VERSION_AFTER=modern-v0.15.2
  CONTAIN_MARKER=none

A same-version normal OTA also completed and retained the old committed version
until a healthy IDE boot consumed pending health. It left no update marker.

For the certified normal-download interruption, the helper copied the first
block of pydevices.tar into the isolated /tmp target, filled the display white,
and held indefinitely at:

  CONTAIN_POWER_SIGNAL=interrupt-download

The operator removed USB power, kept it disconnected for at least five seconds,
and reconnected it. The installed version remained modern-v0.15.2, no durable
update marker existed, active files were unchanged, and only isolated temporary
download inputs remained. Those inputs were removed after evidence capture.

For the active recovery-installer interruption, all 13 staged assets were
copied into /tmp/recovery and revalidated. The installer completed and durably
recorded pydevices.tar, began libahttpserver.tar, filled the display white, and
held at:

  CONTAIN_RECOVERY=Installing pydevices.tar
  CONTAIN_RECOVERY=Installing libahttpserver.tar
  CONTAIN_POWER_SIGNAL=interrupt-recovery

The operator again removed power for at least five seconds and reconnected it.
Durable state retained committed version modern-v0.15.2, source=recovery,
status=installing, all 13 staged assets, and completed_packages containing only
pydevices.tar. Offline resume reported:

  RECOVERY_RESUME=Already installed pydevices.tar
  RECOVERY_RESUME=Installing libahttpserver.tar
  RECOVERY_RESUME=Installing libtarfile.tar
  RECOVERY_RESUME=Installing configs.tar
  RECOVERY_RESUME=Installing board-support.tar
  RECOVERY_RESUME=Installing rootfiles.tar
  RECOVERY_RESUME=Installing defaults.tar
  RECOVERY_RESUME=Installing assetfiles.tar
  RECOVERY_RESUME=Installing tartlab.tar
  RECOVERY_RESUME=Installing helpfiles.tar
  RECOVERY_RESUME=Installing tartlabutils.tar
  RECOVERY_RESUMED_VERSION=modern-v0.15.2

The following launcher timeout reached healthy IDE with
update_committed=True. Final state was healthy IDE, zero failures, exact
version and board identity, no update marker, and no temporary, recovery, or
qualification staging.

Provisioning activation interruption and inventory
--------------------------------------------------
A second authorized clean transaction was bound explicitly to
elecrow_dle06235b. After attestation verification, backup, erase, firmware
write/verify, inert placeholders, and all top-level filesystem uploads, the
qualification transport terminated only the final atomic copy of boot.py and
main.py. Its private receipt records checkpoint activate-boot-files and the
Elecrow board ID.

Resume from the unchanged authenticated journal reused matching firmware,
reconstructed the complete prepared image, activated both boot files together,
and reached awaiting_health. The first untouched launcher timeout reported
HEALTHY mode=IDE update_committed=True. A final authenticated resume reported
healthy=true and stage=complete.

The post-resume snapshot contained 220 active files. Of 213 prepared files,
211 matched byte-for-byte; only state/repos.json and the consumed
state/update.json differed as required. Eight expected boot/log/runtime-state
files were added. Protected /device and /files/user digests matched the prior
qualified state, and selected_app remained the authenticated hello.py default.

Policy and remaining release boundary
-------------------------------------
Direct legacy migration is not approved for this board because there is no
recognized Elecrow factory TartLab source profile. Its migration disposition
is adult authenticated clean provisioning with reviewed manual restore, bound
to the checked-in modern support-window policy. No migration pass is claimed.

The live read-only feed audit found separate legacy and modern repositories,
the expected manifest names, and no cross-profile assets. The support-window
validator retained the approved LilyGO v0.13 direct-migration floor and the
clean-provision/manual-restore disposition for sources outside that window.

All Elecrow-specific modern-v0.15.2 physical gates above passed. Promotion
still requires candidate-bound schema-2 evidence for every board in the same
multi-board release matrix; this transcript does not substitute for the exact-
candidate LilyGO result or protected publication.
